If there are no disease‑specific assays, always fall back to generic ADME & safety assay packs so the UI never shows “nothing”.

3. Frontend Behavior (All Diseases)
On the Assay Harvesting page:

The disease dropdown in the top‑right should always be backed by disease_templates.json.

When a user selects any disease and clicks “Harvest Fresh”:

Call POST /api/assay-harvest with the selected disease_id.

Show a loading state: “Harvesting assays for [Disease Name]…”.

Populate the “Recommended Assays” panel with tabs and cards exactly like Alzheimer’s:

Tabs: Binding, Functional, ADME, Safety, Physicochemical (counts per tab).

For each assay card, show: name, target, source (PubChem/ChEMBL badge), brief description, confidence %, and a checkbox.

Right‑hand side: target panel for that disease (primary/secondary/safety) populated from the template.

Bottom‑right “Selection Summary” should update counts per category for every disease.

There must not be any Alzheimer’s‑only special cases in the frontend; the rendering logic should treat all diseases identically using the generic JSON returned by /api/assay-harvest.

4. Campaign Integration (Disease‑Agnostic)
When assays are selected and the user chooses “Add to Campaign” (or equivalent):

If the user came from a specific campaign (e.g., “Huntington’s Disease SMILES Screening”), attach the selected assays to that campaign’s Assay Validation tab, regardless of disease.

If there is no active campaign, prompt to create a new campaign pre‑filled with:

Disease

Target panel

Selected assays (with category labels)

The Assay Validation tab should always show an Assay Validation Queue for any disease:

json
{
  "awaiting_assay": <count selected>,
  "in_testing": <count>,
  "validated_hits": <count>
}
5. Fallback / Mock Data Requirement
Until real PubChem / ChEMBL calls are live:

Provide a mock assay library per disease in a JSON file (e.g., assays_mock.json) so that every disease in the dropdown shows something meaningful when “Harvest Fresh” is clicked.

Make sure Huntington’s, Oncology, Metabolic, and Vaccines all demonstrate:

At least 1–2 binding assays

1 functional assay

1 safety assay

1 ADME assay

6. Acceptance Criteria
Selecting any disease in the dropdown and clicking Harvest Fresh:

Always populates the Recommended Assays panel (never empty).

Always shows a target panel on the right for that disease.

Updates the Selection Summary correctly.

Adding assays from Assay Harvesting:

For Alzheimer’s and Huntington’s campaigns, selected assays appear in the Assay Validation tab.

For generic disease areas (Oncology, Metabolic, Vaccines), the flow is identical.

This should give you one generic, disease‑agnostic Assay Harvesting flow that works across all disease templates, not just Alzheimer’s or Huntington’s.